config: load Jupyter application-specific config files (#784)
cylc/cylc-uiserver: README.md

   These are the Cylc defaults which are hardcoded within the repository.

   * `<python-installation>/cylc/uiserver/jupyter_config.py`

2) Site Config

>    This file configures the Hub/UIS for all users. The default path can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These files configure the Hub/UIS for all users. The default path can be
```

   changed by the ``CYLC_SITE_CONF_PATH`` environment variable.

   * `/etc/cylc/uiserver/jupyter_config.py`
   * `/etc/cylc/uiserver/jupyterhub_config.py`

3) User Config

>    This file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These files configure the Hub/UIs locally per user, overwriting global config.
```

I don't know if that's correct but I think it needs something there.
